Let's go back to our tip percentage here, which is our slider.
Let's see, how can we construct this so that we can start seeing the differences as we slide left right
and feed our percentage to show correctly here?
Now, if you go up, we see that our state, at least some of our states here, we have our slider positioned
state.
And we know that these are being we know that this the values in our state here are floats and they
start, I'd say.
But what we want to do is want to change this value when we show it.
Because in this case, this float is has decimal point.
So we want an actual full number, if you will.
So we need to create yet another variable inside of him.
Several let's call this tip percentage percentage of such, and we're going to take the float here and
multiply that by 100 to get a nice value like 32 percent to 10 percent and so forth.
So we're putting inside a parenthesis slider position.
In fact, this has to be below our slider position state here so we can use it right.
It's a slider position, state that value and we're going to multiply that by 100 as such.
And we say to Int to convert that value to it.
So again, this is what we're going to be using to show the percentage there.
So back in our slider, we have our slider, we passing the slider position values here which are needed,
we don't have to convert them as they are right now because those are the values that are needed for
a slider.
But if we go back and look our text here with this line below, I'm going to change this because this
is the percentage, right?
So let's say here tip percentage value.
And I've handed the percent just sign like that.
Now if we run this, we should be able to get the correct values.
Is that true, a sea slide?
And you can see it is indeed working because it's zero zero.
And as I go through 16 and so forth, that's very good.
So this is exactly what we need and all the way to 100.
That's where it all ends.
OK.
That wasn't too bad.
Right.
So it seems like seems like we have the main functionality working at least enough so that we can start
doing calculations.
So the idea is that we enter, let's say, 100 and then we should start sliding left or right in.
The calculations should start happening and we can change split by two, three or four and so forth.
And of course, the tip later will have to change accordingly as we change these values, either from
the slider or from the buttons that we're clicking there.
OK.
So this is what are we going to be doing in the next videos now?
So the infrastructure is there now we need to do the actual calculations.